yo what is going everybody this is
Samuel Brown aka or BTW and welcome to
yet another series here on my youtube
channel the creation of my MLB 15 wrote
to the show series I know you guys are
probably like what the heck why there's
so many new series is coming out well
that's because i just got a ps4 and I
got MLB 15 this show has been out for
about a month so to catch up with
everybody else I gotta start spitting
these new series yeah these are gonna be
the only two series i have on MLB the
show i might do a little bit of diamond
dynasty content but my road of the show
and Oakland athletic franchise series
are going to be my main two series on
MLB the show 15 as my player take some
batting practice before his first game
in the rookie showcase but like I said I
got a late start on MLB 15 the show so
expect a lot of this content for the
next couple weeks trying to upload
multiple episodes per week trying to
catch up with everybody else but anyways
why don't we go ahead and jump into this
first episode and what this first
episode is going to be is the first
three rookie showcase games let's all
the cooking showcase games and then you
guys are going to get to see where I get
drafted to in the MLB draft and
hopefully I can have a good first three
games in the rookie showcase so I can
get you know a good spot and it'll be
draft I don't want to be one of the low
to your prospects I want to be a top
prospect going into the draft so
hopefully we can have a good three games
and impress these MLB scouts are gonna
be watching me if you haven't noticed
already i'm playing third base that's
what I played throwing up so I'm gonna
be a third baseman for this central team
in this rookie showcase in this first
game we're taking on the west and they
got me batting dead freaking last man
like that's some bull crap and here we
go taking my first at-bat in the rookie
showcase and like I gotta tie my shoes
that's not a good start like I get up to
the baton box and I haven't even tied my
shoes yet so that might be assigned to
come of the things that's going to
happen in this showcase but anyways in
my first at-bat I strike out so
apparently if you don't tie your shoes
in time you strike out so not the best
first at-bat so hopefully we can redeem
myself right here on next at-bat we got
the bases loaded with one out we can do
some damage right here grandeur
up the middle and we get thrown out
double play just like that so my first
two at-bats couldn't have gone any
better so hopefully third time's a charm
and before we use the third at-bat we
have a ground ball hit to us at third
base and what I'll forget my do and I
had too many beers before the game man
that's that was a brain fart right there
and actually first time I've ever feared
the ball and routed the show I have not
had a play station in years and I threw
that to the wrong base so anyways here
once again with the bases loaded I pop
out so this could not gone anywhere so
I'm not tying my shoes I'm throwing the
ball of the wrong base I'm striking out
I can't do anything with that
bases-loaded said can we do something
here 02 count and with men on the
corners I strike out again this game
could have not gone any worse as we
actually lose this game 3 2 1 like if
things don't improve I'm not gonna get
drafted not gonna get a scholarship to a
college I'm just not gonna ever step on
a baseball time and again after these
three games so can i redeem myself the
12 count first I bet in the next game
and somehow we get lucky the ball goes
underneath the shortstop's club and we
get our first hit of the showcase accent
counted as a hit not an error but I'm
happy we finally got on base I guess our
first game jitters are no more let's see
if we can get our second hit of the game
00 count a chopper in front of home
plate can we get there and we need to
run a couple more Sprint's tried to
slide there but we are just thrown out
that could have been our first RBI of
this showcase but here we go man look at
that 14 to frickin nothing we playing
awful but 00 count first pitch we hit a
liner opposite field and we get on base
for the second time this game so i must
say we're having a pretty solid game our
team's playing off of 14 to nothing but
we did go to 43 a pretty solid game
definitely better than our last game no
fielding blunders they actually played
okay although we lost 14 at nothing so
here we are last chance to impress the
scouts game 3 we haven't even won yet
that's not good with own account first
at-bat of the
game we hit a little brown or the third
base and I guess I just like to dive for
some reason maybe trying to show my the
scouts out there my heart and
determination but anyways next at-bat in
the game bottom of the fifth inning main
on first base 10 count we hit a line
drive into right field but right to the
right fielder and we are held hitless in
our first two at-bats in this game
although we did get solid contact on
that one tied game 2 2 next at bat in
the bottom of the seventh inning we hit
a little tapper up the middle and we do
get our first hit of the game our third
total hit of the show k so we're playing
better we're getting actually on base
but here we go still tied game a bottom
of the ninth inning a home run right
here or a run wins it can we actually
impress the scouts by being clutch and
we get a hit right up the middle on the
first pitch swinging and maybe we can
score the game-winning run so I'm the
potential game-winning run on first base
note outs bottom the ninth-inning our
guide bunts it and he is safe at first
base Nicholas is trying to sacrifice but
he beat out the throw I think the
pictures you need me throw the ball
there but right here first and second no
outs and they what why why did they even
try to pick me off and I had a late
reaction because I was confused but I
mean look at this I was clearly safe I
was clearly safe I got back to the bag
but apparently the umpire was blind and
I was called out that's completely
ruined the the momentum that we had in
the bottom of my thing and here we are
the bottom of the 11th warning track
power that would have been a walk-off
home run but now we're in the bottom of
the 14th inning still tied 2-2 01 count
and this one's lifted the right field
for the second straight at-bat but not
nearly as far as the last at-bat back
last one actually had a shot to go out
but that was our last I better gaming
the last official at-bat of the showcase
as we do win 3 22 in extra innings i
went to 46 that last game
it's time for the MLB draft and when the
six-round have not got selected yet and
i thought i could get selected at any
moment there was a couple teams i wanted
to go to a couple teams i didn't want to
go to i love you got on the red sox but
they go with Oliver Silva the White Sox
would have been okay the Phillies how'd
it all right with but no the Cubs know
the Reds I'd have been okay with but no
did I play that bad the Rays I would
like to go to them knowing the moorlands
I would love to go to you know Padres
I'd be okay with you Oh Derek the Braves
I'd be okay with but no the Mets they
hate me to the Brewers no I was scared I
didn't want to go to the Brewers and I
heard Sam get caught out they did not
select me the Blue Jays they don't want
me either the Yankees I was glad to be
nice like me the Indians though they
want Dan but the Seattle Mariners with
the 20th pick in the sixth round of the
MLB draft select your boy Samuel Brown
you join their organization i'm pretty
excited they have a lot of young town on
their team which is not really good for
me but we do decide to sign with the
team we don't decide to go to a one or
two-year Junior College at three or
four-year university we decided to go
straight to the Seattle Mariners as an
18 year old straight out of high school
and like I said it's going to be tough
because the manners have a lot of young
town a lot of good third baseman in the
organization but I can make my way to
the top but anyways that's going to do
it for this episode if you enjoyed make
sure to drop a like the more likes if
they're gets the quicker the next
episode will come out be sure to
subscribe the channel if you haven't
already I will get you guys next time
have a great rest of your day peace